Completed Projects

Created a Canine Food Safety Checker for online use.
This was done using .js .css and html. 
This is availble in my GitHub

Wazuh
Set up Wazuh on my home network 
Demonstrated several key benefits and capabilities that enhance My network's security posture with a real SIEM Tool. This includes Intrusion Detection, Threat Hunting, Real-time Alerts, Log Analysis, Compliance and Regulations, Integrations, Threat Intelligence, and Centralized Management.

Pihole with Unbound
Set up Pihole - Pi-hole is a Linux network-level advertisement and Internet tracker blocking application which acts as a DNS sinkhole and optionally a DHCP server, intended for use on a private network.
Set up Unbound - Unbound is a validating, recursive, and caching DNS resolver product from NLnet Labs. 
Demonstrated knowledge of DNS, network security, and how to use open source software.

Integrated secondary intrusion detection (Snort) and monitoring (Wireshark and New Relic) into my home network.
Demonstrated knowledge of intrusion detection and monitoring technologies.
Demonstrated the ability to configure and use Snort and Wireshark to monitor my home network for security threats.
Windows Server 2022 with Active Directory
Set up Windows Server 2022 with Active Directory for my home network.
Demonstrated knowledge of Active Directory, Windows Server, and how to set up a domain controller.

Proxy Servers
Created my own proxy servers.
Demonstrated knowledge of proxies, how to configure them, and how to use them to protect my privacy.
Web Pages
Hosted my own web pages.
Demonstrated knowledge of web hosting, how to configure a web server, and how to secure my website.

Cloud Storage
Hosted my own cloud storage.
Demonstrated knowledge of cloud computing, how to set up a cloud storage server, and how to secure my data.

TwinGate Remote Network Access
Created a Private VPN tunnel and proxy server for my home without exposing any unnecessary ports.
Demonstrated knowledge of VPN and proxy protocols using wireguard and an application provided by the company above

Media Server
Created my own internal media server.
Demonstrated knowledge of media streaming, how to set up a media server, and how to share my media with others.
Load Balancer

Created a kemp load balancer for my home network.
Demonstrated knowledge of load balancing, how to configure a load balancer, and how to improve the performance and security of my network by only opening 1 port (443).

Virtual Machines
Set up virtual machines in my home lab using VMware with access to them all over my LAN network from any machine.
Set up virtual machines in the cloud using Azure and Linode.
Demonstrated knowledge of virtual machine technology and how to use it to create isolated environments for testing and development.

Bash Shell and CMD Code
Wrote bash and CMD code to clear the memory cache and temp files on my home PC's in 1 click as an executable file.
Demonstrated knowledge of bash and cmd scripting and how to use it to automate tasks.

Programmed managed Cisco Switch, Ruckus Switch, Brocade switch and ubiquiti switch, router, and AP for my network with segmentation and  vLans.
Demonstrated knowledge of networking protocols and how to configure switches and routers.
Demonstrated the ability to troubleshoot and resolve network problems.

Programmed and deployed a 3CX phone system in my home.
Demonstrated knowledge of VoIP technology and how to set up a phone system.
Demonstrated the ability to troubleshoot and resolve phone system problems.


